PCAZ
====

A customization of the Ushahidi Platform for Peace Corps Volunteers serving in Azerbaijan. 

#Background
Peace Corps Volunteers in Azerbaijan are attempting to use Ushahidi to better coordinate their efforts and share identified resources with each other more efficiently. The project leads started experimenting with Crowdmap Classic by having a number of test volunteers try it out. Through that process they have identified a list of customization's that would help increase usability within their users. 

#The Need
Each of the following can also be found as individual issues within this repo

1) Can we edit the automatic prompts that automatically come with the forms? When we go to our dashboard, we can edit the form fields. However, there are automatic prompts for "Report Title" and "Description" when someone goes to submit a form that the (super)administrators can not edit. Further, these two prompts are automatic for each form regardless of report type. Is there any way to edit those prompts? 

2) Is there any way we can constrain the "zoom" feature on the maps (on all parts: when on the home page, when creating reports and when looking at established reports). PCVs get confused when they're scrolling down the page and if the mouse goes over the map, instead of the page scrolling, the map zooms way in or out. This is challenging for people who don't know that the map is also sensitive to the scroll feature. Constraints would be helpful. 

3) On the home screen, there are black dots that represent "all categories." Is there any way we can not have an "all categories" option and just have all the dots multicolored on the home screen to represent each category with their assigned colors?

4) When members log in, they are automatically directed to their personal dashboard page. They have to click on the upper left hand link to get to the Azerbaijan map. Is there any way we could make the first page (after log-in) the screen with the map?

5) From the home screen, when you click on the "Reports" tab, you can search the reports through different filters. One of the problems we have is when you search with custom fields, you can't search the report title (automatically generated prompt by Crowdmap), and if you search under "name of secondary project," you have to include each word. For example, one of the titles of a secondary project is Eyyublu Softball Team, and if I search "Softball" nothing comes up. I must search "Eyyublu Softball Team" for Crowdmap to find that report. Can we change that so you can search with one word?

6) Can we add an FAQ page?

7) We don't need the map timeline on the homepage (the red line and date range right under the map). 

8) What happens to the comments when a member makes a comment on another member's report? We've tried this, and the comments don't seem to show up anywhere. 

9) When volunteers are submitting a report, and they're looking for their region on the drop down menu above the map on the right hand side of the page (so they can place a pin), some people are confused when they can't find their region. Most of the regions are on that list, but many are not. Could we add to that? I think that list is generated by how the open street map layer is labeled, but even some of the towns on the map didn't make the drop down list. It would be helpful too if we could add text there to explain that they can select their region there from the drop down menu and then add their village name below. Any advice there? 

#Help
If you are interested in helping out this team of Peace Corps Volunteers, please contact Patrick (pchoquette@peacecorps.gov) in the Peace Corps Office of Innovation and he will connect you with the team in Azerbaijan.